ESPN Sources As Brooklyn Nets star Kevin Durant’s trade request approaches its fourth week, the Boston Celtics have emerged among teams engaged in talks on a possible deal. Story 

ESPN story on Phoenix Suns coach Monty Williams agreeing on a long-term contract extension  

ESPN Sources Phoenix Suns coach Monty Williams has agreed on a long-term contract extension. Williams, the NBA’s coach of the year, had two years left on his original five-year deal — and now moves under contract for several more seasons.

The Washington Wizards are finalizing a deal to hire James Posey as an assistant coach, sources tell ESPN.

ESPN story on the NBA fining Golden State Warriors owner Joe Lacob $500K for publicly criticizing league's luxury tax system and discussing collective bargaining talks 

ESPN Sources The NBA has fined Golden State Warriors owner Joe Lacob $500,000 for his recent comments on the Point Forward Podcast discussing the league’s collective bargaining talks, which included Lacob describing the league’s luxury tax system as “very unfair.”

ESPN story on James Harden, Sixers reaching a two-year, $68.6M deal.  

Harden will make $33M for the 2022-2023 season, and has the player option for $35.6M in 2023-2024, sources tell ESPN. He can move right back into free agency next summer and negotiate another new deal. 

Free agent James Harden has agreed on a two-year, $68.6M deal, including a player option, to return to the 76ers, sources tell ESPN.

Felony charges filed against Charlotte Hornets' Miles Bridges for domestic violence, child abuse - via @ESPN App 

Veteran forward JaMychal Green is working toward a contract buyout with Oklahoma City, and once that’s completed and he’s cleared waivers, Green intends to sign with Golden State, sources tell ESPN.

ESPN story on Oklahoma City's Kenrich Williams agreeing on a four-year, $27.2M extension 

ESPN Sources Oklahoma City Thunder forward Kenrich Williams has agreed on a four-year, $27.2 million contract extension. The deal, negotiated by @PensackSports, comes for an undrafted player who had no Division I offers out of high school.

Charlotte Hornets coach Steve Clifford on running it back with owner Michael Jordan. Full audio on The Woj Pod  

The Denver Nuggets are signing Australian F Jack White to a two-way contract, sources tell ESPN. White had a strong Summer League performance for Denver.

The Utah Jazz have agreed on a two-year, $6.25M deal with Italian forward Simone Fontecchio of Baskonia in the Spanish ACB, his agent Sam Goldfeder of @ExcelBasketball tells ESPN. @DraftExpress considers Fontecchio, 26, the best available international small forward prospect.

After 14 years, Lakers star Russell Westbrook and his agent Thad Foucher of Wasserman have parted ways, Foucher tells ESPN 

ESPN story on Austin Rivers landing a one-year deal to join the Minnesota Timberwolves 

Free agent guard Austin Rivers has agreed on a one-year deal with the Minnesota Timberwolves, his agents Dave  Spahn and Aaron Mintz of CAA Sports tell ESPN. Rivers played 67 games for Denver a year ago, where new president Tim Connelly signed him in consecutive seasons.

ESPN story on the Phoenix Suns matching the four-year, $133 million offer sheet for restricted free agent center Deandre Ayton, ending the Indiana Pacers' pursuit 

As soon as the Suns received the four-year, $133M offer sheet, the franchise matched it. Deandre Ayton returns to Phoenix and can't be traded without his consent for a full year. 

ESPN Sources Restricted free agent C Deandre Ayton has signed the four-year, $133M offer sheet with the Pacers and now the Suns are on the clock to match it. Expectation remains that the Suns will do so and retain Ayton, but they could take the process through Saturday night.

The Pacers are waiving guard Duane Washington and waiving and stretching the three players who arrived in the Boston trade for Malcolm Brogdon Malik Fitts, Juwan Morgan and Nik Stauskas, sources tell ESPN. That'll create the cap space to sign Ayton to the max offer sheet.

So far, Suns haven't shown an interest in negotiating a sign-and-trade on Ayton with the Pacers, but the expectation remains that Phoenix will match the record-$133M offer sheet once it's signed, sources tell ESPN. Suns could trade Ayton as soon as Jan. 15 once sheet is matched.

Full story on restricted free agent C Deandre Ayton agreeing to largest offer sheet in NBA history with Pacers -- four years, $133 million, his agents Bill Duffy and Nima Namakian tell ESPN 

RFA center Deandre Ayton has agreed to a four-year, $133M maximum offer sheet with the Indiana Pacers, his agents Nima Namakian (Innovate Sports) and Bill Duffy (BDA Sports + WME Sports) tell ESPN. The Phoenix Suns have 48 hours to match the largest offer sheet in NBA history.

ESPN story on Denver Nuggets G Kentavious Caldwell-Pope agreeing on a two-year, $30M extension, per Rich Paul 

Caldwell-Pope arrived in a trade with Washington for Will Barton and Monte Morris two weeks ago. KCP was entering the final year of his deal at $14M in 2022-2023. 

Kentavious Caldwell-Pope has agreed on a two-year, $30M extension with the Denver Nuggets, sources tell ESPN.

Jazz coach Will Hardy on leaving the Spurs to join Ime Udoka in Boston — his springboard to the Utah job. Full audio  

Utah Jazz coach Will Hardy joins The Woj PodESPN Spotify Apple 

Milwaukee Bucks G Pat Connaughton has agreed on a three-year, $28.5M extension with a player option, his agents Jeff Schwartz and Jordan Gertler of @ExcelBasketball tell ESPN.

ESPN story with @TimBontemps on Bucks All-Star Khris Middleton undergoing surgery to repair a ligament in his left wrist 

ESPN story on Jazz listening to overtures for Donovan Mitchell 

After previously shutting down inquiries on moving All-Star guard Donovan Mitchell, rival teams say the Utah Jazz are showing a willingness to listen on possible trade scenarios, sources tell ESPN.

ESPN Sources EuroLeague MVP Vasilije Micic continues to attract significant interest among several NBA teams who’d like to acquire and sign him. OKC has rights to 6-foot-5 PG, but doesn’t fit their rebuild timeline at 28. Micic would like to join NBA next season if deal’s found

ESPN story on the NBA's Board of Governors expected to approve Play-In Tournament on a yearly basis and the continuing conversation on the In-Season Tournament 

ESPN Sources NBA’s Board of Governors is expected on Tuesday to approve the Play-In Tournament as a regular part of future league seasons. The Play-In had been voted on a year-to-year basis in past two seasons, but support exists to turn it into annual element of NBA structure.

New Boston Celtics guard Malcolm Brogdon joins The Woj Pod. Full audio  

After clearing waivers, free agent C Taj Gibson has agreed to a one-year deal with the Washington Wizards, his agent Mark Bartelstein of @PrioritySports tells ESPN.

ESPN story on Danilo Gallinari agreeing on a two-year, $13.3M deal with Boston 

After clearing waivers, free agent F Danilo Gallinari has agreed on a two-year, $13.3M deal with the Boston Celtics, his agent Michael Tellem of @excelbasketball tells ESPN. Deal is fully guaranteed and includes a player option.

Free agent Frank Kaminsky has agreed to a one-year deal with the Atlanta Hawks, his agents Mark Bartelstein and Andy Shiffman of @PrioritySports tell ESPN.

ESPN story on Grizzlies guard John Konchar -- one of the franchise's great development stories -- agreeing on a three-year, $19M extension 

Memphis Grizzlies G John Konchar has agreed to a three-year, $19 million contract extension, his agent @GeorgeLangberg tells ESPN. The deal, fully guaranteed, will take the undrafted guard out of Purdue-Ft. Wayne to $30M in career earnings.

The Spurs claimed Isaiah Roby on waivers, source tells ESPN.

Jody Allen, chair of the Trail Blazers and Seahawks "There is no pre-ordained timeline by which the teams must be sold." 

Sumner is fully recovered from a torn left Achilles that cost him the entire 2021-2022 season. He had been coming off his best NBA season with the Pacers prior to the injury, and now he'll join the Nets' backcourt rotation. 

Free agent Edmond Sumner has agreed to a deal with the Brooklyn Nets, sources tell ESPN.

ESPN story on T.J. Warren agreeing to a one-year deal with the Brooklyn Nets 

Warren has only played four games in past two years with consecutive stress fractures in his left foot, but he's recovering can help Nets at both forward spots. Warren averaged nearly 20 points on 53% from the field in 2020. At 29, he'll be a free agent again next year. 

Free agent G TJ Warren has agreed to a one-year deal with the Brooklyn Nets, sources tell ESPN.

The Atlanta Hawks are hiring Mike Longabardi as an assistant coach -- with Joe Prunty getting promoted to top assistant, sources tell ESPN. Longabardi -- mostly recently with Sacramento -- replaces Chris Jent, who accepted the No. 1 job on Darvin Ham's new Lakers staff.

New Orleans Pelicans star Zion Williamson has agreed on a five-year, $193 million designated maximum rookie extension that could earn him as much as $231 million, CAA Sports’ Co-Head of Basketball Austin Brown tells ESPN. 

Free agent G Eugene Omoruyi has agreed to a two-way contract with the Oklahoma City Thunder, his agent Mike George of @OneLegacySports tells ESPN.

ESPN story on Cleveland's Darius Garland agreeing on a rookie maximum extension that could become worth $231 million 

Cleveland’s Darius Garland lands a super max rookie extension that could become worth $231M with All-NBA escalators. 

Cleveland Cavaliers All-Star guard Darius Garland has agreed on a five-year, $193M maximum designated rookie contract extension that could be worth as much as $231M, @KlutchSports CEO Rich Paul tells ESPN. It is the largest deal in franchise history.

Free agent guard Damion Lee has agreed to a one-year deal with the Phoenix Suns, source tells ESPN.

Free agent Donte DiVincenzo has agreed to a two-year, $9.3M deal with the Golden State Warriors, sources tell ESPN.

ESPN story on the blockbuster trade landing Utah Jazz star Rudy Gobert on the Minnesota Timberwolves 

The Jazz gathered six first-round picks in the past 24 hours, including 7-footer Walker Kessler, the 22nd overall pick in the 2022 Draft. The Jazz plan to retool the roster around All-Star G Donovan Mitchell.

In Tim Connelly's first draft as Denver GM in 2013, he traded out of the 27th pick - and the Jazz selected Rudy Gobert there. Now, Connelly lands Gobert in his first weeks as the new president of the Timberwolves.

Minnesota is sending its 2023, 2025 and 2027 picks unprotected and a top-5 protected 2029 pick to Utah, sources tell ESPN. 

The Jazz are landing four Minnesota first-round picks and 2022 first-round pick Walker Kessler in the deal for Rudy Gobert, source tells ESPN.

The Timberwolves are landing Rudy Gobert 

Utah is trading Rudy Gobert to Minnesota, sources tell ESPN.

Looney has been a significant element of the Warriors' title run and exits free agency to stay on a new deal with the NBA champions. 

Free agent center Kevon Looney has agreed to a three-year, $25.5M deal to return to Golden State, sources tell ESPN.

ESPN story on the Boston Celtics acquiring Indiana Pacers playmaker Malcolm Brogdon in a trade 

ESPN story on the Sacramento Kings landing Atlanta Hawks guard Kevin Huerter for a package including a 2024 first-round pick 

The Celtics wanted to land a true playmaking point guard and now acquire Malcolm Brogdon without costing themselves a core player. The Pacers land another first-round pick in the deal.

The Celtics are sending Daniel Theis, Aaron Nesmith and a 2023 first-round pick, sources tell ESPN. 

The Indiana Pacers are trading guard Malcolm Brogdon to the Boston Celtics, sources tell ESPN.

Atlanta is trading Kevin Huerter to Sacramento for Justin Holiday, Mo Harkless and a future first round pick, sources tell EPSN.

Free agent center Robin Lopez has agreed to a one-year deal with the Cleveland Cavaliers, sources tell ESPN.

Free agent F/C Drew Eubanks is returning to the Portland Trail Blazers on a one-year deal, his agent James Dunleavy of @excelbasketball tells ESPN.

Free agent C Jusuf Nurkic has agreed on a new four-year, $70 million deal to stay with the Portland Trail Blazers, @KlutchSports CEO Rich Paul tells ESPN. 

Once the San Antonio Spurs finalize the expected release on forward Danilo Gallinari, his preference is to join the Boston Celtics upon clearing waivers, sources tell ESPN.

Free agent G Theo Pinson is returning to the Dallas Mavericks on a one-year deal, sources tell ESPN.

Free agent center Mitchell Robinson has agreed on a new four-year, $60 million contract to stay with the New York Knicks, his agents Thad Foucher and Joe Smith of @Wassbasketball tell ESPN. 

Rubio played an immense role in the Cavaliers torrid start to the season a year ago before tearing his left ACL. Cleveland traded him to Indiana as an expiring contract at deadline, but both sides were hopeful a reunion could happen -- and now it will on a new multi-year deal. 

Free agent guard Ricky Rubio is nearing a deal on a return to the Cleveland Cavaliers, sources tell ESPN.

ESPN story on Denver Nuggets MVP Nikola Jokic securing the largest contract in NBA history -- five years and $270 million. 

ESPN story on Memphis Grizzlies star Ja Morant agreeing to 5-year designated rookie max extension that'll likely become worth $231 million 

Memphis Grizzlies star Ja Morant has agreed on a five-year, $193M designated rookie maximum extension that could become worth $231M, his agent Jim Tanner of @_TandemSE tells ESPN.

Denver Nuggets two-time MVP Nikola Jokic has agreed to the largest deal in NBA history – a five-year, $270M super maximum contract extension, his agents Jeff Schwartz and Mike Lindeman of @Excelbasketball tell ESPN. Deal includes player option and trade kicker.

Phoenix Suns star Devin Booker has agreed on a four-year, $224M super max extension, his agents Jessica Holtz and Melvin Booker of @CAA_Basketball tell ESPN. Deal begins in 2024-2025 and brings Booker’s total contract value to six years and $295M.

Minnesota Timberwolves star Karl-Anthony Towns has agreed on a four-year, $224M super max extension, his agent Jessica Holtz of @CAA_Basketball tells ESPN. Deal begins with the 2024-25 season and delivers Towns’ total contract value to six years and $295M.

Free agent center Andre Drummond has agreed to a two-year, $6.6M deal with the Chicago Bulls, sources tell ESPN. The second year is a player option.

Free agent guard Jalen Brunson has agreed to a four-year, $104 million deal with the New York Knicks, his agents Aaron Mintz and Sam Rose of @CAA_Basketball tell ESPN. The deal includes a player option on the final season.

The Wizards have added three veteran guards to join Bradley Beal in recent days -- Will Barton, Monte Morris and now Delon Wright leaves the Hawks for Washington. 

Free agent guard Delon Wright has agreed to a two-year, $16 million deal to sign with the Washington Wizards, his agent Greg Lawrence of @wassbasketball tells ESPN.

Kyle Anderson has agreed to a two-year, $18M deal to join the Timberwolves, his agents Thad Foucher and Joe Smith of @wassbasketball tell ESPN. 

Free agent Kyle Anderson has agreed to a deal with the Minnesota Timberwolves, sources tell ESPN.

Orlando Magic guard Gary Harris has agreed on a two-year, $26 million contract extension, his agents Austin Brown and Aaron Mintz of @CAA_Basketball tell ESPN.

Anthony Gill is signing a two year-deal with the Washington Wizards, sources tell ESPN.

James Harden and the 76ers are meeting on the weekend to negotiate his new deal, sources tell ESPN.

Restricted free agent C Nic Claxton has agreed on a two-year, $20 million deal to return to the Brooklyn Nets, sources tell ESPN.

Free agent guard Jalen Brunson, armed with a five-year, $106M-plus Mavericks offer, is headed into a meeting with the New York Knicks within the hour, sources tell ESPN.

Free agent G Patty Mills has agreed to return to the Brooklyn Nets on a two-year, $14.5M deal, his agent Steven Heumann of @CAA_Basketball tells ESPN.

Free agent G Trevelin Queen has agreed a deal with the Philadelphia 76ers, sources tell ESPN.

Free agent F Nic Batum has agreed to a two-year deal to return to the Los Angeles Clippers, sources tell ESPN.

Free agent G Lu Dort has agreed to a five-year, $87.5M deal to stay with the Oklahoma City Thunder, his agent Thad Foucher of Wasserman tells ESPN.

Chris Boucher is returning to the Toronto Raptors on a three-year, $35.25M deal, his agent Sam Permut of @RocNationSports tells ESPN.

Free agent C Damian Jones has agreed to a two-year deal with the Los Angeles Lakers, sources tell ESPN.

Amir Coffey has agreed to a three-year, $11M deal with the Clippers, his agents Bill Duffy and Marlon Harrison of @BDA_Sports and WME Sports tell ESPN.

Free agent G Tyus Jones is returning to the Memphis Grizzlies on a two-year, $30M deal, his agent Kevin Bradbury of @REP1Basketball tells ESPN.

Free agent Danuel House has agreed to a two-year, $8.5M deal with the 76ers, sources tell ESPN.

Free agent F Bobby Portis is returning to the Milwaukee Bucks on a 4-year, $49M contract, his agent Mark Bartelstein of @PrioritySports tells ESPN.

Portland Trail Blazers guard Anfernee Simons has agreed on a four-year, $100 million contract extension, his agent Bill Duffy of @BDA_Sports + WME Sports tells ESPN.

All-Star guard Bradley Beal has agreed to a five-year, $251 million maximum contract to stay with the Washington Wizards, his agent Mark Bartelstein of @PrioritySports tells ESPN.

BREAKING Memphis Grizzlies F Jaren Jackson Jr., underwent surgery to repair a stress fracture in his right foot on Wednesday and is expected to be sidelined for 4-to-6 months, sources tell ESPN. Jackson is expected to make a full recovery. 

After officially completing trade with Hawks today, the Spurs are expected to waive F Danilo Gallinari, sources tell ESPN. As a free agent, Gallinari will be able to choose among contenders in both conferences.

Kevin Durant made the trade request directly to Nets owner Joe Tsai today, sources tell ESPN.

Kevin Durant and Kyrie Irving had no contact with the franchise after Irving opted into his deal on Monday, and a sense of inevitability existed that Durant would eventually ask for a trade, sources tell ESPN. It happened today.

Phoenix and Miami are among two of the teams that Kevin Durant has on his wish list, sources tell ESPN, but the Nets plan to move Durant where they can get the best possible deal. With four years on his contract, there's no shortage of teams willing to unload assets for Durant.

As the Nets prepare to move one of the most valuable trade assets ever on the market, the entire roster will  available to discuss in deals, sources tell ESPN. Teams have been calling on Durant, and the Nets will certainly look for a historic return on players and draft picks.

The Nets are acquiring the Jazz's Royce O'Neal in a trade for a 2023 first-round pick, sources tell ESPN.

Durant requested a trade with the team today, sources tell ESPN. 

Brooklyn Nets GM Sean Marks is working with Kevin Durant and his business manager Rich Kleiman on finding a trade for the franchise star, Kleiman tells ESPN.

Brett Brown has agreed to return to San Antonio to join Gregg Popovich's staff as an assistant coach, sources tell ESPN. Brown spent 2007-2013 on Popovich's staff before becoming the 76ers coach. They’ve maintained a close relationship.

ESPN story on Kemba Walker and the Detroit Pistons finalizing a contract buyout 

Four-time All-Star guard Kemba Walker and the Detroit Pistons are finalizing a contract buyout, sources tell ESPN. Once Walker clears waivers, he'll join free agency.

Let’s go. 

The Sacramento Kings are exercising the option on PF/C Chimezie Metu for the 2022-2023 season, sources tell ESPN. Metu averaged 8.9 points and 5.6 rebounds in 21 minutes a game for the Kings last season.

Mills, who'll attract significant interest around the league, hasn't ruled out a return to the Nets, sources tell ESPN. 

Brooklyn Nets guard Patty Mills declined his $6.2M option and will become a free agent, sources tell ESPN.

Trae Young got his wish with Dejounte  Murray arriving to the Hawks in a trade with the Spurs. 

The Hawks are sending a 2023 first-round pick via Charlotte, and their own 2025 and 2027 first-round picks to the Spurs in the deal, sources tell ESPN. Spurs will also get a pick swap in 2026.

The Hawks are sending three first-round picks and a future pick swap to the Spurs to pair Murray with All-NBA guard Trae Young, sources tell ESPN. 

The Atlanta Hawks are trading Danilo Gallinari and multiple first-round picks to the San Antonio Spurs for All-Star guard Dejounte Murray, sources tell ESPN.

The Sacramento Kings are declining to offer Donte DiVencenzo a qualifying offer, which will make him an unrestricted free agent, sources tell ESPN. There will be significant interest in DiVencenzo on the open market.

ESPN Sources 76ers star James Harden has declined his $47.3M option and become a free agent. He keeps real the possibility of negotiating a new deal that would deliver the Sixers roster-building flexibility in free agency – including use of the full $10.5M exception.

Milwaukee Bucks F Bobby Portis has informed the team that he’ll decline his $4.6M option and become a free agent, his agent Mark Bartelstein of @PrioritySports tells ESPN.

Washington Wizards star Bradley Beal has declined his $36.4M option and become a free agent, his agent Mark Bartelstein of @PrioritySports tells ESPN. Beal is eligible to sign a 5-year max to return to Wizards – or sign elsewhere on a 4-year deal.

Trade is done Washington is acquiring Denver's Will Barton and Monte Morris for Kentavious Caldwell-Pope and Ish Smith, sources tell ESPN.

Deal is getting final approvals now, and expected to be completed soon, sources said. 

Washington is finalizing a trade to acquire Denver's Will Barton and Monte Morris for Kentavious Caldwell-Pope and Ish Smith, sources tell ESPN.

ESPN story on New York trading Nerlens Noel and Alec Burks to Detroit, an unloading of salaries that allows for the Knicks to make a near-maximum contract offer to guard Jalen Brunson once free agency opens on Thursday 

Detroit is eager to utilize center Nerlens Noel and guards Alec Burks next season. GM Troy Weaver had Noel on his team in Oklahoma City, and Burks is an ideal veteran to mentor the Pistons talented young group of guards.

The Knicks have cleared $30M in salary cap space to offer Dallas' Jalen Brunson in the neighborhood of a max contract. The unloading of assets and contracts clearly shows the Knicks' confidence that they can secure Brunson once free agency opens on Thursday.

New York will send Detroit back its 2023 second-round pick, a 2024 second-round pick via Miami and $6 million, sources tell ESPN.

Speak your truth @KekePalmer. You did a phenomenal job in #NOPE, you’ve had an outstanding career and you’ve been sensational before you were even a teenager. You should be very proud — as should the wonderful @Zendaya. Both of you are shining. No comparisons, just admiration!!!

Congrats to our new Hall of Famer, @Kurkjian_ESPN. Phenomenal baseball mind, an even greater human being. It is an absolute honor to be your colleague. This HOF honor is so we’ll deserved. Congrats again buddy. You are the best!

Still love ya though @RealJayWilliams. But  now you’ve put more pressure on yourself to deliver on @FirstTake. Just so you can distract from the hoodie. I’m watching bro . I’m watching!

It is absolutely wonderful to see @CassidyHubbarth on @FirstTake  filling in for @MollyQerim. And @McNuttMonica you know I love seeing you on, as well. But @RealJayWilliams WTH! It’s the Summer. A Hoodie and a blazer? While sitting in MY chair? Standards, my brother! Standards!

OMG. @MadDogUnleashed is gonna make me hobble back to @FirstTake. What a sorry A-List. @NDFootball is not the No.1 program in CFB. I don’t want to hear it. @AlabamaFTBL all day, everyday. @MollyQerim, check him. Come on Doggie! You’re better than that.

Hey Aqua-woman @MollyQerim, I like the outfit. @MadDogUnleashed, not bad with the blazer. @danorlovsky7, let’s work on that shirt, buddy. @FirstTake has standards. Let’s live up to them, please. Miss you guys. I’ll be back in a few weeks, but I’m watching. Remember that!

Couldn’t agree more. Congrats to my man, Coach Fizdale. He’s been a part of winning for years. Great hire by the @utahjazz 

Completely agree with you @SIChrisMannix.. Totally! Boxing fans everywhere should want to see this fight. Not throwing any shade on Haney or Teofimo — because we should all want to see them too — but it’s time for @RyanGarcia vs @Gervontaa, Damnit! It’s Time!!! 

Appreciate the love I’ve been receiving from everyone who’s missed me on @FirstTake. I’m out because I’m rehabbing from shoulder surgery. Partial tear — rotator cuff AND Bicep, along with frayed Labrum, plus a Bone Spur. Aging sucks, but it is what it is. Back next month.#AllLove

Really @Rjeff24? Really? Of all the teams you could’ve picked to officiate it had to be a damn @Knicks. See…….this is why I can’t be around you, man! 

Proud of you, my dude, @Realclark25. No one deserves it more bro. Keep grinding. Keep shining! See you in September. 

Enjoy folks. Everyone’s entitled to their opinions. Regardless of what he says, @Etanthomas36 is a good brother with a future in this space. I wish him the best. And it doesn’t get much better than my brothers, Aldridge &amp; Spears! Yes, even when I disagree with them.#GrownMenTalk 

And so it is @DwyaneWade. And so it is…..in Basketball History!!! 

Tonight! #UFC276  

Way to go, Windy 

I said throughout the Finals that the @celtics needed a point guard and look at what they’ve done gone out and got @MalcolmBrogdon7. Look out folks. Mr. Udoka, @jaytatum0, @FCHWPO and the crew are not going away!

I feel that Kyrie Irving ruined the franchise. 

Wait a damn minute. WTH? Why is @MadDogUnleashed sitting in MY SEAT on @FirstTake Doggie, you’re suppose to be on the other side. How dare you? Now the pressure is really on you. Those are big shoes to fill, remember that 

New Media? Fair enough! But there are levels to this. 

Oh, you’ve got it twisted bro! Big time! @KyrieIrving  

KYRIE opted in!!! 

Thank you bro. Always special to know that you care so much! I’m touched  

Agree with my man Spike Lee! 

The love is always here, my brother. Always! We Are Good! 

New Media  

I’m NOT going to the GARDEN next year. 

Please somebody help us KNICKS fans  

IT HAPPENED AGAIN!  

Pain. 

KNICKS  

KYRIE is trying to work some magic off the court. GOOD LUCK! He’ll need it! 

Get @ ME!! Send through your questions and I’ll answer them on Stephen A’s World. Send videos to 

Should @jabarismithjr be the first pick of the NBA Draft? 

Talk about delusional!!! 

Get @ ME! Send through your questions and I will answer them on Stephen A’s World.Send videos to 

Juneteenth 

Jayson Tatum should NOT be getting all this heat. 

When fully healthy, @realgranthill33 was something special to watch! 

Kevin Durant, today, is viewed as the guy who left a championship squad to try to do it on his own in Brooklyn. 

As I was saying in October... 

Championship Ready. 

My only comments on this matter. 

Always touching to know you’re paying attention @KDTrey5. It’s really heartwarming  

Back in 2000, I almost started a debate show at Fox Sports... 

I want to apologize to historians everywhere. 

This championship would be the best that Steph Curry has captured. 

Get @ ME!! Send through your questions so I can answer them on Stephen A’s World!

I’m only holding one thing against WILT Chamberlain. 

The greatest DAMN shooting performance of my career I hit 17 threes in a row  

When are we going to get our eyes on the prize and start directly questioning the PGA? 

How it all started with @FirstTake. @OldManAndThree 

WHEN HEALTHY I’d take Anthony Davis over Luka. I’d take Anthony Davis over Jokic. Yes I would. 

You should be shooting damn NERF basketballs! @AntDavis23 

HEY @cheetah, STAY OFF THE WEEEEEEED!!! 

Can’t even put into words what it means to me to see this. My man Prime, @DeionSanders doing such great things for HBCU’s. Phenomenal. Keep inspiring, Big Bro. Keep Shining! 

I think the league would owe it to LEBRON to facilitate him owning a basketball team. 

WHAT THE HELL WAS THAT, @Money23Green???? 

I LOVE myself on this big screen  

Jayson Tatum needs to step up. 

Haaaa! Appreciate you watching bro @KDTrey5. Thanks for the love 

Enough is enough. 

KYRIE IS BOX OFFICE.... BUT giving him a long term deal = pure INSANITY. 

"I still have nightmares about Boston in June."— @thejohnsalley 

I'm concerned about KLAY THOMPSON A LOT! 

My thoughts on the Lakers future. 

I HOPE they get him.. but the reality is the KNICKS are an organization not even worthy of Donovan Mitchell! 

There's too much pressure offensively on Steph Curry. 

Let me tell y’all something once and for all. 

We need your help! #ChampionBlackBusinesses 

…..news for you @KDTrey5. We ain’t going any damn place. For every @stephenasmith, Skip, @ShannonSharpe and others, there’s thousands more coming down the pike. We’re not going away. We multiply. Sorry!!!! 

@KDTrey5. You’re certainly entitled to your opinion. Love both MJ @StephenCurry30. Was only alluding to MJ being so great, it enticed folks to focus on individuality instead of team. Nothing more. As for us changing the game for the worse, we disagree. But here’s the (more) 

I think this is the most difficult Finals challenge for Curry and the Warriors.  

What the HELL is that, @MadDogUnleashed???? 

My buddy, @MauriceBenard (Sonny Corinthos) from General Hospital, wants the word to spread on this. Happy to oblige. 

I see the WARRIORS winning two out of the next three NBA titles! 

"I know that I'm the best fighter in the division," says @Realdevinhaney 

I had no problem with Jimmy taking that shot. 

Game 7 reaction! 

I have no excuses for my Game 6 prediction, but I’m picking the CELTICS tonight. 

Get @ ME! Send me all of your damn questions and I’ll answer them on Stephen A’s World.Send videos to 

DAMN! @Money23Green GOT ME! I must admit.  

I’m not gonna lie, I’m stunned. But still picking the Celtics. 

It ain’t over yet, but we’ll see! 

As I was saying... 

So happy for @KlayThompson &amp; the @warriors. I say that because he’s such a key. When @KlayThompson gets rolling, it’s almost as lethal as @StephenCurry30 when he gets rolling. Way to persevere, put in that work and just play your game

No way in HELL you could offer KYRIE a long-term deal! 

On Colin Kaepernick. 

I don’t even remember who the hell I was talking about here. 

I’m afraid to say my time in South Beach is officially OVER! 

It's time to hold politicians accountable. 

I don't think Josh Donaldson should have been suspended at all. 

Ladies and Gentlemen, the starting five for the Miami Heat last night scored 18 points. 

Jayson Tatum didn’t show up. 

Aaaaaahhhhhh Haaaaaaaa! Hilarious. @nbcsnl  

That might be why the @dallasmavs lost Game 3 last night. Perhaps had all @dallascowboys laid low, they wouldn’t have gotten contaminated and lost. Just playin bro. You know I’ve got love for ya 

What the HELL is LUKA supposed to do??? 

Get @ ME!! Send me your questions and I'll respond on Stephen A's World.Send videos to 

Major props and Congrats to @ReggieBullock35 for winning the Kareem Abdul-Jabbar — @kaj33 — Social Justice Champion Award. Incredible story involving him &amp; his family and all they’ve had to endure. Well-Deserved.#Salute!

When it’s Game Time, you’ve got to show up for GameTime! 

I’m averaging much more than that……..for ESPN and Walt Disney, my brother! Remember that!!!! 

The last thing I needed to do right before NBA Countdown on ABC was laugh! But then I see @KendrickPerkins starting a sentence with “All Praise” and it was for PIZZA! Haaaaa. Good lord! 

Bro, I complained about the exact same thing last night. Except I said Michael Jackson. Not Sammy Sosa 

Yes he would. He’s my big bro. @RealMikeWilbon is one of the OG’s who paved for me. Love him! Revere him! Do you’re not insulting me at all. You have no clue how great @RealMikeWilbon is. Most of y’all don’t.#PureGreatness! 

Don’t hate, bro. Appreciate! 

You know it 

You on drugs bro  

False. I’d definitely have Fury in that list 

Stop being a damn idiot. We’re OFF the air until Monday! Wait……or go tune into another damn show, with your bratty ass 

Haaaaaaaaaaa! That’s hilarious, Bibby! But blame the PGA, not me. I was ready to show up to work 

This was an ANNIHILATION that I did NOT expect! 

So you’ll know exactly what I said… 

YANKEES!!!!! 

If the WARRIORS advance to the Finals, I have been on record saying THIS about @KDTrey5... 

That now means that @danorlovsky7 can now afford to fly his WIFE in First Class. No excuses, my brother. Not anymore. Haaaa!!!! Congrats my brother. You deserve it all.

On a serious note just wanted to take a moment to congratulate my guy @danorlovsky7 on his elevation into the NFL booth with @LRiddickESPN. Both reportedly are staying on and I couldn’t be happier. Both are stars, and brothers o have a lot of love for. So deserved. But……

FINALLY BACK IN MIAMI!!!!!!!! 

I asked @patbev21 to explain his history with @CP3. 

There's NO WAY around it, James Harden does not deserve the SUPERMAX! 

MIAMI!!!! 

Bro! You don’t need to explain anything to me about the Heat to meet you for dinner. You know I’ve got you bro. We can definitely connect while I’m here. That’s a given. 

Warriors in 6. 

Everything went wrong for the SUNS. 

Big props and apologies to @SDinwiddie_25, @MaxiKleber, @ReggieBullock35 and the @dallasmavs  supporting cast. I knew @luka7doncic and @jalenbrunson1 would show up. I doubted the rest. I was WRONG AS HELL. Point Blank. Congrats to the @dallasmavs &amp; Mark Cuban.

I have never been more wrong. I can’t believe how great the @dallasmavs look — and how pathetically awful the @Suns look. @CP3 &amp; @DevinBooker31 have been no-shows. I can’t believe this

GET @ ME!! Send through your questions, and I'll answer them on Stephen A's World.Send videos to 

All the pressure is on Chris Paul. 

Yeah! Yeah! It’s about that time. NBA Countdown on ABC……..right now.#BuckleUp

The new star of late night? @ambermruffin 

It looks like I’m going to spending a lot of time in Milwaukee this postseason, damnit! 

This was one of the most atrocious performances by a star in NBA playoff history. 

Haaaaaaa! Never! But I have no hate for y’all man. It’s all love. Just fun &amp; games. But then damn @dallascowboys fans truly do get on my nerves. 

Dem Damn @dallascowboys! 🤣🤣🤣

Give KYRIE a deal one year at a time! 

That was one of the greatest ass whippings I’ve ever seen. 

Pathetic performance from the 76ers. 

RIP Bob Lanier 

Get @ ME! Send through your videos so I will answer them on Stephen A’s World.Send videos to 

She’s definitely one of them, that’s for sure @DwyaneWade. Your sister is one of the best people on the planet. And so are you, Bro! 

Or……was it that @JoelEmbiid was pissed over not getting league-MVP Honors. Hey! He got my vote. But it wasn’t like it went to some scrub. It went to Jokic, who Embiid respects. You’ve just got to have more fight than we saw tonight

This is one of the most awful performances I’ve seen the @sixers put forth in a long time. No effort whatsoever, from start to finished. Look like they just laid down, rolled over and said “we’ve got Game 6 on Thursday.” Guess they were looking for another overnight stay in Miami

Yes, @SHAQ would DESTROY @rudygobert27. 

Honestly, the @warriors deserve to lose this game. I don’t recall ever seeing them look this bad in the Steve Kerr era. They look absolutely awful. Just awful.

I don’t believe I’ve ever seen the @warriors shoot this badly. I mean, damn! Is Steve Kerr’s absence that profound? The coach is not around so you can shoot like this? @Money23Green is setting one shooter after another up. EVERYBODY is shooting bricks!!!

This is about the dumbest S&amp;@$ I’ve seen in basketball. So Al Horford drives in for a dunk on @Giannis_An34 and comes down with his left arm accidentally on @Giannis_An34 face, and THAT’S a technical foul? What the hell has happened to the NBA? That’s as inadvertent as it gets!

On Jokic winning MVP. 

Respect @kendricklamar 

The season is on the line for the CELTICS. 

Vintage James Harden isn’t back just yet! 

GET @ ME. Send through your questions and I'll answer them on Stephen A's World.Send videos to 

Now this is the @JHarden13 we’ve been waiting for. Especially the @sixers’ fans. This is what we were talking about. Harden is making contested shots, he’s being aggressive and looking for this. This is the @JHarden13 that can help them to the Finals.

And I see you too @ESPNAshley. Continue to shine, girl. You and @MeganOlivi keep making it happen. Gonna be a big night tonight. Yo @danawhite, even with my @NBACountdown schedule today &amp; tonight on ABC….I WILL be watching!#Haaaaaa

Now see, I love this @dc_mma and my man @Realrclark25 previewing the UFC card on ABC. Here’s a message for you @danawhite It don’t get much better than these two brothers. My BROTHERS. Proud of y’all,

LUKA, your defense is horrible! 

WHAAAAAAT @KendrickPerkins?!?!?! 

On Kyrie's comments about how the vaccine mandate has impacted his life. 

James Harden is NOT a max player anymore! 

This is just absolutely unreal. @CP3  is putting on an absolute SHOW. He truly is the Point GOD! The CLOSER! What a sensational performance.#Unbelievable

GET @ ME!! Send me your damn questions and concerns and I will answer them on Stephen A's World.Send videos to 

Talking relationships with @djenvy and Gia Casey in regards to their new book! 

JA MORANT has a chance to be the next face of the NBA. 

I think the Los Angeles Lakers should strongly consider trading @KingJames. 

I’m back. And I’ve got something to break on @KingJames. It’s @FirstTake in the house. Let’s go

I feel terrible for Gary Payton II. He’s so damn important for this @warriors squad. As for Dillon Brooks, he’s no dirty player. I won’t say that. But I agree with Steve Kerr that he was very irresponsible. Very!

Correction. I did not mean Wiggins. Just @KlayThompson. He needs to be reminded you’re a 3X champion. One of the greatest ever. Just play your game. You’ll put up 25 in your sleep. Stop pressing. I still believe in the @warriors. But @JaMorant? Good Lord Have Mercy!

Ja RULES!!! This brother @JaMorant is something special. So much heart to. Unfortunately, @KlayThompson and Wiggins have to make amends because they did not show up to help @StephenCurry30 tonight!

Memphis is going to REGRET losing Game 1! @ESPNPlus 

Haaa! It’s amazing to see Coach Bickerstaff on @FirstTake. Love it. Thanks Coach. Sorry I’m not there today. As for you JJ, you DO know what chair you’re sitting in, right? Sit up! Speak with conviction and leave the smoothness to me. Nice look @MollyQerim. I approve 

The CELTICS have zero answer for GIANNIS!  

I’d rather have STEPH over JA in this series! 

Get @ ME!! Send me your questions for me to answer on Stephen A’s World!!!Send videos to 

DAMN! 

We are witnessing one of the most delusional athletes in American history. @KyrieIrving 

Lamar Jackson shouldn’t be upset about this! 

Sad news for us, I’m sure it’s great news for you @JKCorden. Thank you for the incredible 8 years. Looking forward to seeing your brilliance over this last year. All the best

Huge fan of James. He will be missed. But after 8 incredible years, he’s earned it 

An I’ll-advised shot by Boggy for @utahjazz. A travel by Conley. A wide-open 3 allowed to Finney-Smith and a wide, wide open miss by Boggy to end. The @utahjazz should be done with this group. And I don’t blame @spidadmitchell if he wants out. No surprise. Just a damn shame!

Damnit! I don’t know how to feel about the @steelers selecting Pickett. I mean, I know he can play. But I kept hearing about this kid, Willis. So did they take Pickett because he’s better or because he’s home-grown? Damnit, I’m concerned. I’m concerned!!!

Last but not least, let’s take a moment to give some love to @PelicansNBA Head of BBall Operations, DAVID GRIFFIN. With the young talent he has on this team, he has done one helluva job. @Zionwilliamson should not want to leave. With him, Griffin has built a title contender.Facts

Special moment for me to see coaches Monty Williams and Willie Green hug one another. BOTH did outstanding jobs this year, showing — once again — that BLACK coaches truly are LEADERS OF MEN. Remember this…before being hesitant to give MORE brothers a chance!#Homage2Coaches

A message to @B_Ingram13 you are a star young fella. No matter this outcome. You should know this about yourself. As for @Zionwilliamson, know you are holding title-contention for the @PelicansNBA in your hands. You get healthy and ready, skies the limit for this franchise.

I’m very pleased with @ESPNNFL Draft team— the great @MelKiperESPN, along with my boys @ESPNBooger, @LRiddickESPN and the incomparable @Espngreeny. You guys are the best. Only issue that jacket @LRiddickESPN has on. Ugh, I don’t know Mr. Chippendales! I don’t know

Get @ ME!! Send me your questions over video and I’ll pick some to answer on my damn show.Send videos to 

Max on Boxing, Friday 5pm ET on ESPN2“Max Me Anything” by responding to this tweet. Best ones make the show

Hulk Hogan and Andre the Giant vs King Kong Bundy and Big John Studd!#WWE@KeyJayandMax 

“Max Me Anything” by responding to this tweet. I’ll answer the best ones on Max on Boxing this Friday

Worth your time 

But now collected, Josh Taylor has co-opted any legitimacy or authority they may have had. He is the one and only champion of the division until he loses that distinction in the ring, permanently leaves the division, or officially retires. Agreed? 

Update Nets will be better than the Knicks in 2022-2023 for the 5th year in a row 

This remains true as ever 

Ja 

This is sadly, one of the greatest days in modern Knicks fan history 

It is the lowest possible bar to clear, but the Nets have been the best team in NYC in each of the last 4 years (including the year the Knicks won their only playoff game in a decade). The Nets will be the best team in NYC again  next season 

“Max Me Anything” by responding to this tweet. I’ll answer the best ones  on Max on Boxing this week

It has been obvious that the light heavyweight division would eventually be decided in a fight between Dmitry Bivol and Artur Beterbiev for almost half a decade now. Never more obvious than tonight. #BeterbievSmith #boxing

Steph just did something he’s never done before — he was the best player in the NBA Finals.  Because of that, the Warriors are the best team in basketball. #NBAFinals

.@ChrisCanty99 got me 

If he gets to 62, he’ll be the real single season home run champ 

Easily the greatest Finals of Steph’s career so far. He has consistently taken over in the 2nd half of games when Golden State has needed him most

No doubt! But no sanctioning body or man can dispute you now, even if you tossed the belts. That’s what being THE champ means — no one has the legitimacy to dispute your claim. 

NOW @Realdevinhaney is THE Lightweight Champion of the World. Congratulations, champ!

Max on Boxing is back! Friday 430pm ET on ESPN2“Max Me Anything” by responding to this tweet. Best ones make the show

.@JimmyButler and the @MiamiHEAT so much heart #NBA

Charlo hurt Castano bad with a counter hook at the end of the 4th round. That’s what changed the fight and allowed Charlo to box. Took the edge off Castano’s attack

They’re observing a Jrueish Holiday in Milwaukee tonight amirite?

With no Khris Middleton, was not hard to tell that Jrue Holiday would step up in a pivotal Game 5 on the road 

Unsurprising that @Jrue_Holiday11 made clutch play after clutch play on both sides of the floor down the stretch. He’s that kind of player. #BOSvsMIL

Just like her dad, she lets the competition think they have a chance early, and then… 

What just happened in the ring is not a surprise. Bivol was the hardest fight to win Canelo could’ve taken 175lbs and below.

Beterbiev and Benavidez were always the dream action matchups for Canelo, but Bivol was always the the guy who with the best chance to win.

Considering boxing history, Bivol probably has to win at least 7 rounds to get the draw, and considering that is a distinct possibility, a draw is a good bet. Still a long way to go.

This is going to be good 

Hold my beer… 

Another way to look at it is who would have been favored to win? Given Tyson Fury’s size combined with the skill and heart, maybe only Lennox would’ve been the favorite. 

Wow!#furywhite

And NONE of them were 6’9 280 

You ain’t lying! Wide awake now 

Missed a hell of a half  

Max on Boxing, Friday 5pm ET on ESPN2“Max Me Anything” by responding to this tweet. Best ones make the show

Once again Max on Boxing, Friday 5pm ET on ESPN2“Max Me Anything” by responding to this tweet. Best ones make the show

Max on Boxing, Friday 5pm ET on ESPN2“Max Me Anything” by responding to this tweet. Best ones make the show

Vitali Klitschko went from heavyweight champ to mayor of Ukraine’s capital city Kyiv, which is under Russian bombardment. 

Max on Boxing, special time Friday 3pm ET on ESPN2“Max Me Anything” by responding to this tweet. Best ones make the show

Max on Boxing is back special time Friday 930pm, and re-air midnight on ESPN2“Max Me Anything” by responding to this tweet. Best ones make the show

Max on Boxing, Friday 5pm ET on ESPN2“Max Me Anything” by responding to this tweet. Best ones make the show

Max on Boxing, Friday 5pm ET on ESPN2“Max Me Anything” by responding to this tweet. Best ones make the show

Max on Boxing, Friday 5pm ET on ESPN2“Max Me Anything” by responding to this tweet. Best ones make the show

Aaron Donald. Best player on either team ices the Super Bowl.

Moments when legends are made. Right now.

I’ve considered this 

Max on Boxing, Friday 5pm ET on ESPN2“Max Me Anything” by responding to this tweet. Best ones make the show

And there is no indication he would’ve fallen off in the foreseeable future. 

Max on Boxing, Friday special 4pm ET on ESPN2“Max Me Anything” by responding to this tweet. Best ones make the show.

#JoeThoro

Well played @TomBrady

Max on Boxing, Friday 5pm ET on ESPN2“Max Me Anything” by responding to this tweet. Best ones make the show.

Bet #joshallen doesn’t celebrate a win while there’s still time on the clock for the rest of his career #BillsvsChiefs

#chiefsbills was the #SuperBowl

Yes #patrickmahomes benefited from OT rules today, but 4 years ago #TomBrady threw an INT that would have lost the AFC Championship, and sent Mahomes to the Super Bowl if not for a pre-snap penalty. Brady got the ball first in OT, and Mahomes never got to touch it again.

#Mahomes and the #Chiefs were like a champion whose #1 contender forced him to raise his game to keep the title. #joshallen and the #Bills would have beaten any other team today. #BillsvsChiefs

Favorite if the fight is made this year

.@francis_ngannou lost the first 2 rounds, and was on his way to losing his title when he showed extra dimension to his game. That’s what great fighters do. #UFC270

Max on Boxing, Friday 5pm ET on ESPN2“Max Me Anything” by responding to this tweet. Best ones make the show.

Single season record 10, but over the course of 2 seasons, all-time team winning streak record 12 games 

Even in 1994 Joe Thoro &gt; Joe Shiesty 

Max on Boxing is back this Friday, 5pm ET on ESPN2!“Max Me Anything” by responding to this tweet. Best ones make the show.

Max on Boxing is back this Friday, 5pm ET on ESPN2!“Max Me Anything” by responding to this tweet. Best ones make the show.

This explains everything. GET THE TAT 

Entering last night night, every team in the NFC East was alive for the playoffs. Every team except, of course, the New York Football Giants. The @Giants haven’t spent a single day over .500 in FIVE YEARS. 

Lomachenko didn’t have the stomach to finish a defenseless fighter, so he twice asked Commey’s corner to do the right thing, and stop the fight so he wouldn’t have to. They didn’t, and once Commey’s head cleared Lomachenko couldn’t. No good deed goes unpunished#LomachenkoCommey

“Max Me Anything” by responding to this tweet, and I’ll answer the best ones on Max on Boxing, 5pm ET, Friday night ESPN2.

To this day can’t hear Five Minutes of Funk without thinking of Ralph McDaniel 

Cmon @KendrickPerkins when we getting you on talking the fight game? 

Sound just like the boxing people that used to hate on MMA. Tried to tell them then what I’ll tell you now you can like football AND basketball. Don’t have to choose, even if you have a preference. Dana loves boxing. 

#CrawfordvsPorter is can’t miss; either going to be an all-out war, or a virtuoso performance for the ages. Either way, you don’t want to miss it. Undercard underway right now on ESPN+ PPV

Tell em @ColemanESPN 

You and I both @MagicJohnson 

.@terencecrawford means business 

This is about the underdog in tomorrow night’s welterweight title fight that has all the makings of a classic…#CrawfordPorter #boxing 

Apparently I was the first annual subscriber

Max on Boxing is on ESPN+ this Friday night.  You can “Max Me Anything” by responding to this tweet. Best ones make the show.

Max on Boxing is back this Friday, 530PM ET on ESPN2!“Max Me Anything” by responding to this tweet. Best ones make the show.

Is the GOAT right? 

Can a fighter be beaten up, and knocked out, and on that night become great? Eye of the beholder. #FuryWilder3

#JoshuaUsyk was reminiscent of Holmes-Michael Spinks. AJ needed to impose his size and stay to the body, but never fully committed to it. #boxing

? @PatrickMahomes 

If Patrick Mahomes never played another down, HOFer?

Two of the best of all time to never be champ 

Well it’s about time the Nets caught a break 

Tonight 10pm ET on @NBC my alma mater ⁦@Columbia⁩ is on #CollegeBowl 

Ugas was a decorated amateur at the elite international level who many felt beat Shawn Porter. Tough fight for any welter let alone a 42 y/o former flyweight off a 2 year layoff, whose 70+ fight career includes Barrera 2x, Morales 3x, Marquez 4x Bradley 3x, Mayweather, Cotto, etc 

Disagree 

Lucky to be raised by a woman of such  obvious wisdom 

This color is clearly green. This is like when people thought that blue dress was white… 

Yessir 

He makes better decisions faster than anyone else 

“Max Me Anything” by responding to this tweet, and I’ll answer the best ones on Max on Boxing special 1130pm start time, Friday night ESPN2.

Ref took a point from Torrez quick, and not for much, but apparently no number of warnings was enough to take a point from Jalolov #Olympics

McGregor-Aldo II at 145?

Undoubtedly a top heavyweight. But he’s coming off a KO loss, while Ngannou has taken less than 6 rounds to beat his last 5 opponents (including Stipe), and Jon Jones and Gane (if he wins tonight) haven’t lost since… 

Heavyweight #Big3 in the #UFC? 

Receipts!(Check the date) 

Warriors to Iggy 

Matthew Stafford is the QB under the most pressure this season. He’s the Dame Lillard of the NFL - Mr. 4th Quarter - clutch on decent teams. If Dame got traded to a power, we’d expect a title. Same goes for Stafford in 2021.

Of course the Nets took the scorer the Knicks passed on twice. #NBADraft

Team I have my eye on tonight is Golden State. Could add Davion Mitchell to Steph/Klay/Dray and still have assets including Wiseman/Wiggins/Poole/Oubre/Lottery pick to offer any team the best possible deal for any player/pick they might consider trading. #NBADraft

Incredible if the #Lakers turn a bunch of useful spare parts into Russell Westbrook. LeBron/AD/Westbrook is a legit answer to KD/Harden/Kyrie. Brooklyn Big 3 will shoot it better, Lakers Big 3 will defend better #nba

Kamaru Usman vs. Colby Covington 2 could be as thrilling as their first ...  via @YouTube

“Max Me Anything” by responding to this tweet, and I’ll answer the best ones on Max on Boxing special 7pm start time, Friday ESPN2.

Welp, Rabbit Redux is just going to have to wait, cause look what new reading I found this Monday morning 

Orders a 50 piece. It’s perfect. #Giannis 

Giannis at the post game press conference said that he could’ve joined a super team and won a championship, but that would be the “easy way, this was the hard way,” and then hit the table with his hand and said “the right way!” Is he the most likable superstar in sports?

Giannis just won the title and Finals MVP with a 50 point performance. He didn’t win regular season MVP for a 3rd consecutive season because Jokic beat out Embiid for it. AD could’ve been Finals MVP last year. We are in an era of bigs. #NBAFinals

All time great performance from Giannis. Chris Paul and Devin Booker missed big shots down the stretch. Middleton didn’t. #NBAFinals

That’s an unfriendly rim Phoenix is shooting on

Rodgers about to tunnel out of there like Andy Dufrense 

“Max Me Anything” by responding to this tweet, and I’ll answer the best ones on Max on Boxing 5pm ET, Friday ESPN2.

Where’s Kool G Rap on “Bad to the Bone?”“Big spender cause I’m a winner like Bruce Jenner/I burn all beginners then let em simmer like a TV dinner” 

On the dad scale, this gets at least a 9 from me 

Not saying he’s the best lightweight in the world, but would Makhachev be the underdog against any 155lber? #MakhachevMoises #UFC

Draw in a helluva fight, so no new Undisputed Jr Middleweight. And now on to Makhachev. Is he really maybe the best lightweight in the world, or are MMA fans wish-casting because Nurmagamedov retired and they’re hoping he’s the next best thing? #UFC

Castano’s timing makes his pressure effective, and is the reason he’s beating Charlo right now

Chris Paul’s foul on Giannis was the killer. Worse than Booker’s turnover, because there at least Jrue Holiday made a play. Just an awful blunder. #NBAFinals

Damn. Was one of my favorite entertainers when I was a kid, and a generation later my daughters loved him from Yo Gabba Gabba. This news really sucks. 

Knicks could’ve won it right there. Huge. 

That’s 8 on Booker folks, he’s out of there #NBAFinals

Booker with diplomatic immunity

Booker playing with 7 fouls at this point

That Giannis block up there with LeBron’s chase-down #NBAFinals

“Max Me Anything” by responding to this tweet, and I’ll answer the best ones on Max on Boxing 5pm ET, Friday ESPN2.

Holyfield-Qawi I was history’s last great 15 round fight 

If an athletic but inexperienced fighter hurts an experienced fighter, he shouldn’t then start to exchange. Muscle memory wins, as Greg Hardy just found out. Tai Tuivasa with a spectacular, high profile win. #UFC264

Kris Mouthino’s spirit animal 

Don’t get into a bar fight with Kris Moutinho #UFC264

Disagree. He fought at closer range, (literally more flat footed) more inside game (elbows, shoulders), and as @DominickCruz points out, was therefore susceptible to leg kicks (from a southpaw) that took the starch out of him. Was not the amped up McGregor of first fight. 

Thanks, Champ! Glad to be here 

Suns are the best, and healthiest team team left. They will be favored to win no matter who comes out of the East

Paul George helped himself in these playoffs, but no one had more on the line than Chris Paul; no one had more to gain, no one had more to lose

Chris Paul is having the game he needed to have tonight. 4 wins away from a championship. #NBAPlayoffs

First Take special with @stephenasmith @MollyQerim and me today and tomorrow 430pm ET ESPN 

I mean… 

Congratulations to the #Clippers for winning their first ever Western Conference Finals game a mere 72 years after the #Lakers first did it!

That is the exact face you should make should make if you’re 22 and on a list with LeBron and Kobe. Perfect. #NBAPlayoffs #ICETRAE 

Reggie Miller is right about Trae Young. Whatever Trae, Devin Booker, and Donovan Mitchell entered these playoffs as, they will exit as superstars. #NBAPlayoffs

As long as replay helps them make better decisions QUICKLY I’m for it#NBAPlayoffs 

The National Pastime’s time has passed. It’s the local pastime now#MLB 

JVG called it

The #PhoenixSuns are two negative PCR tests away from having the only legit Big 3 remaining in the #NBAPlayoffs Chris Paul/Devin Booker/Deandre Ayton

Hit the game winner 

“Max Me Anything” by responding to this tweet, and I’ll answer the best ones on Max on Boxing 5pm ET, Friday ESPN2.

Did KD do enough in these playoffs to take the top spot from LeBron? Who is the best player in the world?

Just a great Game 7, but the fact is injury has determined these playoffs so far. #Bucksvsnets

“Max Me Anything” by responding to this tweet, and I’ll answer the best ones on Max on Boxing special time 7pm ET, Friday ESPN2.

Dan Gilbert putting the finishing touches on his post-LeBron Super Team, I see. 

Max on Boxing on special time tonight 7pm ET ESPN2

Donovan Mitchell toying with the idea of going for 60 tonight

This one for people watching the #Yankees game Dobnak would need to take an Uber to go find that Stanton shot amirite?

And how many did Kareem win without Oscar or Magic? My point is a great big almost always needs another player on his level to win it all 

*Got swept* by the greatest team ever. How many championships did Shaq win without Kobe or Wade again? 

Indeed 

And lucky NFC Championship Games on the road too, huh? 

It would appear, after Jaylen Brown's stellar season, that he didn't love waking up to trade speculation on a Monday in late July. 

3 PM ET today An hour of live NBA chat via @SpotifyLive with @celticsblog’s own @KeithSmithNBA guesting. Boston’s trade offer for Kevin Durant starring Jaylen Brown will presumably come up.In the interim … here’s a Reader Mailbag with more trade talk 

Factoring in all these delays that will take this game past 10 PM ET … gonna reschedule tonight’s @SpotifyLive for Monday at 3 PM ET. We’ll get into all the NBA latest then …My around-the-league written latest in the interim  

Twelve minutes in … this happened. Then another weather delay. No idea how long this game will take … but might be too emotional to speak into a microphone anyway. 

Weather delay in Green Bay has pushed back the City v Bayern kickoff and is thus almost certain to delay this evening’s planned post-game @SpotifyLive session. Will update the live chat schedule when we see what happens with this game … 

The week in NBA words (and sounds) ... Daryl Morey's lovefest with James Harden continues  NBA trade talk for everyone (with @Tjonesonthenba)   KD stuck (for now) in Brooklyn? Now why is that? 

9 PM ET Saturday Gonna try a Saturday Night Fever session on @SpotifyLive to talk all the NBA latest AND maybe even some footy after my trip to Houston this week to watch the unparalleled KDB Show in person. Join us right after City v Bayern at Lambeau  

My sense is that the sides are pretty far apart on what the Pacers hope to bring back for a Turner/Hield package and what the Lakers are prepared to surrender with Westbrook's expiring dealMore around-the-NBA notes via my latest This Week In Basketball  

The Lakers and Pacers have indeed exchanged trade proposals on a swap to try to bring Myles Turner and Buddy Hield to L.A., league sources confirm, but no deal is close.The Lakers' offer, I'm told, did attach unspecified draft compensation to Russell Westbrook's $47M contract.

The James Harden/Daryl Morey "lovefest" ... plus the usual spree of around-the-league notes ... all via my latest This Week in Basketball column freshly dispatched to inboxes worldwide 

The one and only @jjbareapr, key cog on Dallas' 2011 title team and one of the most popular Mavericks of all time, formally announced his basketball retirement today in his native Puerto Rico at age 38. More NBA from me  

Two entries already for the NBA week in words (so far) ...NBA trade talk for everyone KD stuck (for now) in Brooklyn? Now why is that? 

This week's Tuesday Newsletter Extravaganza, freshly dispatched worldwide,  has all the usual notes and numbers AND lots of Donovan Mitchell trade talk with @Tjonesonthenba 

Voulgaris received multiple NBA overtures to stay in basketball after his Mavericks contract expired following the 2020-21 season, sources said, but he spent last season focused on moving into soccer ownership. Purchasing Castellón comes as the club celebrates its 100th birthday. 

Haralabos Voulgaris, formerly Director of Quantitative Research and Development for the Mavericks, is  finalizing a deal to become principal owner of the soccer club CD Castellón in Spain's third division, league sources tell me. More NBA coverage 

When you click the link it is all there The scenario below is NOT because anyone thinks the Knicks want to add Russ to their backcourt ... it stems from the idea they may want to shed salary elsewhere on the roster (depending on what else is included) IF they can add Mitchell. 

Kevin Durant stuck (for now) in Brooklyn? Now why is that?My latest around-the-league notes compilation freshly dispatched worldwide explores 

Sacramento's Keegan Murray wins Summer League MVP honors after averaging 23.3 points and 7.3 rebounds while shooting 40 percent from 3-point range in Las Vegas. More NBA from me  

SHAQPOT was a great headline indeed, but please allow me to add an image from the @ladailynews Sports front from 26 years ago when the Lakers signed @SHAQ to a seven-year, $120 million deal to pair him with a 17-year-old named Kobe Bryant who was drafted just a few weeks earlier  

7 PM ET tonight via @SpotifyLive Blockbuster chat w/ @Tjonesonthenba from the heart of the Donovan Mitchell trade chase to catch up on ALL the latest ... plus some surprising Vegas scuttle about Tony's own game. Join us More NBA 

See you Wednesday night, THE No. 9 ... 

The week in NBA words (and sounds) ...Summer League buzz column from Las Vegas NBA contract corner &amp; more via the Tuesday Newsletter Extravaganza An hour of NBA chat/trade analysis with @NYPost_Lewis 

It’s a cold game, true, but the beauty is that people want to watch it pretty much every day. Almost every tweet on the timeline on this s Saturday afternoon is LeBron at The Drew.#thisleague 

NBA Summer League Buzz column 

Fast approaching 3 PM ET ... which means @SpotifyLive time to talk about all the trade scuttle emanating from New York and reflect on another summer league in the desert.Join us in the @SpotifyLive app or online via More NBA  

Leaving Las Vegas (actually I left Wednesday night) with a fresh batch of Summer League Buzz to share (Donovan, Durant and lots more) that was just dispatched worldwide 

The @nbagleague G League Ignite just announced that it is making its expected move to Henderson, Nev., for the 2022-23 season after using Walnut Creek, Calif., as the Ignite's home base. More NBA from me 

Friday at 3 PM ET @NYPost_Lewis joins me for a @SpotifyLive session!Kevin Durant, Donovan Mitchell, Adam Silver's recent press conference (which we both covered) and Summer League Reflections are all sure to be on the discussion list.More NBA from me 

The Raptors say they have officially signed Ron Harper Jr. to a two-way contract.More NBA from me 

11-year NBA veteran Kosta Koufos is finalizing a deal with the @LondonLions, league sources say, bringing an established name to British basketball. The Lions are a @FIBA EuroCup team and employ Grizzlies alum Brett Burman as their GM. More NBA from me 

Silver says the league is at the "last stage" of its investigation into the conduct of Suns owner Robert Sarver.  More NBA from me  

Silver confirms that this topic about players requesting trades early in their contracts will be broached in upcoming labor talks with the union to determine if "remedies" can be negotiated between the parties. 

NBA commissioner Adam Silver on the Kevin Durant trade demand in Brooklyn "We don't like to see players requesting trades. ... I would love the focus to be on play on the floor."More NBA from me 

Reminder The same 30 teams from the NBA contesting an in-season tournament does not really make it a cup competition. 

The NBA, as expected, has today officially made its Playoff Play-In round a permanent part of the league’s annual schedule. 

Jalen Brunson is the Knicks’ new No. 11. Officially. 

It’s official The Knicks have completed their anticipated signing of Jalen Brunson to a four-year deal worth in excess of $100 million.More NBA coverage from Summer League in Las Vegas 

Dispatch from the desert with all the NBA latest from summer league in Las Vegas … this week’s Tuesday Newsletter Extravaganza was just freshly shipped out worldwide 

HBO's Winning Time series on the Showtime Lakers of the 1980s did score one cinematography nod but otherwise the presumed top drama contender and its various actors did not feature in today's unveiling of Emmy nominations for September.More NBA from me  

Among prime topics expected at today's NBA Board of Governors session in Vegas The league's push for an in-season, soccer-style tournament as soon as 2023-24 and the payroll disparity debate stemming from Golden State's $346 million spend last season on salary and luxury tax.

The anticipated Paolo Banchero vs. Chet Holmgren summer league showdown tonight in Las Vegas is indeed off.The Magic have decided to halt Banchero's summer league debut after two games and plan to prioritize minutes for others now.More NBA from me 

Wow … Chip Engelland has been a Spurs fixture for nearly two decades. 

The additional details from @JakeLFischer help explain why one source close to the process described Monday as “a big day” in Deandre Ayton’s free agency … as the NBA awaits a possible Pacers offer sheet to the restricted free agent or perhaps even a sign-and-trade with Phoenix. 

Great interest today in Las Vegas to see if Indiana indeed moves forward with its widely anticipated offer sheet for Suns RFA Deandre Ayton.Ayton's future is a prime curiosity at summer league beyond Brooklyn's handling of Kevin Durant's trade request. 

7 but no ELEVEN ... 

The week in NBA words and sounds ...Icy start to the Lakers' Vegas trip 70 minutes of NBA talk with @latimessports ledge @BA_Turner Why this summer's Transaction Game (hint Brooklyn) is far from over 

Dyson Daniels' summer league debut is over, Pelicans say, due to a right ankle sprain. The team says X-rays were negative.More NBA from me  

Monday, I’m told, is the likely soonest for the Knicks’ long-awaited signing of Jalen Brunson to a four-year deal in excess of $100 million.And as @FredKatz reports below all signs point to New York signing him outright with cap space.More NBA from me  

The Malcom Brogdon-to-Boston trade is now official. 

The Lakers' ICY launch in Las Vegas and all the latest on Russell Westbrook and LA's Kyrie Irving trade prospects ... all here via my latest This Week In Basketball column freshly dispatched worldwide 

The momentum does appear to be against a Brunson sign-and-trade at this stage ... but you know this drill well It's unwise to completely rule it out until the Knicks and Pistons move all the way on and complete their planned trade with Burks and Noel without adding Dallas. 

Also The Spurs have today waived Danilo Gallinari, who is expected to sign with Boston after clearing waivers.More NBA from me  

The Knicks say they have waived Taj Gibson.

Think this means Nikola Jokic has formally signed his five-year contract extension worth in excess of $260 million. 

Mavericks coach Jason Kidd, in a TV interview from summer league just now, says JaVale McGee will indeed start at center for Dallas next season. More NBA from me 

Daryl Morey himself recently described his level of teamwork with James Harden as a "lovefest" and this deal would certainly back that up.The $15 MM pay cut to help facilitate signing P.J. Tucker and more ... expected.But a two-year deal for Harden rather than three ...  

The official completion of Jalen Brunson's four-year, $100-plus million deal with the Knicks is forthcoming but remains unlikely, I'm told, before this weekend at the soonest, with Brunson still due in New York to complete his physical.More NBA from me  

The Blazers say Shaedon Sharpe (left shoulder) will not return to tonight's summer league game against Detroit in Las Vegas.

#thisleague inches closer to a 24/7/365 league every day. EuroBasket will dominate the September runway to training camp. Grab your rest in August ... maybe. 

The Spurs say Jeremy Sochan will be in Las Vegas with the team for summer league but will not play in games after missing the team's recent practices while in health and safety protocols.More NBA from me  

Half-hour and change away from my @SpotifyLive visit with @BA_Turner ... but will need all of that to process Rafael Nadal withdrawing from Wimbledon due to an abdominal injury. Wow. Nick Kyrgios gets a walkover into the Wimbledon men's final ... 

3 PM ET/Noon PT today @BA_Turner of @latimessports joins me via @SpotifyLive for an hour of NBA chat. Meet us here More NBA from me  

The Mavericks have now formally signed Jaden Hardy to a three-year, $4.8 million deal that will make Hardy a restricted free agent after Year 3 ...And Dallas, sources say, is indeed in talks with Tyler Dorsey on a two-way deal. European reports say Dorsey is leaving Olympiacos. 

When we covered our first Laker game together more than 30 years ago, @BA_Turner and I did not anticipate talking hoops someday in a @SpotifyLive chat session.Technology willing ... it happens Thursday at 3  PM ET/Noon PT. One suspects that the Lakers and Clippers may come up.

The expectation, I'm told, is that Jalen Brunson's new deal to join the Knicks is unlikely to be finalized today as part of the Day 1 wave of signings and trades after the NBA moratorium was lifted.More on Brunson and a slew of around-the-league topics 

League source confirms that Bradley Beal's new contract contains a true no-trade clause ... just the 10th in league history according to @BobbyMarks42. Players must have eight years of service time and four with the same team to secure an absolute no-trade clause in the NBA. 

Zion Williamson's new five-year deal contains NO player option in Year 5, Pelicans GM David Griffin says. 

It's signing day for Zion Williamson, too, with a live press conference feed from New Orleans 

Bradley Beal's five-year deal worth in excess of $250 million to stay with Washington is now official. 

NBA All-Stars are on the move already this offseason. My latest around-the-league notes go deep on Jalen Brunson and more layers surrounding Brunson's move to New York and the hopes he can join Rudy Gobert and Dejounte Murray among the league's elite 

The Nets just officially announced the hiring of former Suns head coach Igor Kokoškov to Steve Nash’s coaching staff … as covered below in early June. 

As this picture from the Wolves would indicate  

Minnesota just officially announced its trade acquisition of Rudy Gobert says Gobert will continue to wear No. 27 for the Wolves. More NBA from me 

As a tax team next season, Dallas is limited to offering Jaden Hardy a three-year deal rather than the four-year deal it hoped to extend. The Mavs had to withhold slightly more than $1 million from the taxpayer MLE to ensure they had the flexibility to offer a three-year deal. 

San Antonio it is for Isaiah Roby ... 

The strong expectation leaguewide is that Isaiah Roby will have a new NBA team in moments via waiver claim ... shortly after 5 PM ET.More NBA from me 

The Mavericks will sign Jaden Hardy, their No. 37 draft pick, to a multi-year deal this week, league sources say.Sources say Dallas withheld a portion of its taxpayer mid-level exception in coming to terms with JaVale McGee to ensure it could sign Hardy to a long-term deal.

Jody Allen says in this statement that neither the Trail Blazers nor the Seattle Seahawks are for sale and that "there are no sales discussions happening."More NBA from me  

The Clippers say they have renamed their @nbagleague franchise … it’s now the Ontario Clippers.More NBA from me  

LOTS of NBA free agency talk, with an assist from @EricPincus, lead off the latest Tuesday Newsletter Extravaganza freshly dispatched to inboxes worldwide 

The Americans playing a @FIBAWC qualifier in Cuba tonight ... 

Going live in moments via @SpotifyLive with @EricPincus. Join us here  

Frank Ntilikina's $2 million contract for next season becomes guaranteed tomorrow and the Mavericks' intention, league sources say, is indeed to retain the former Knicks lottery pick. More NBA from me 

The Heat played a crucial role in Bruce Bowen's rise from star in France to NBA fixture. Let's do it again, Riles ... 

Cal State Fullerton’s @kyleallmanjr looking rather comfortable as a Summer League Heater! 

Additional coverage Tonight at 9 PM ET I will be joined via @SpotifyLive by the salary cap maestro @EricPincus to discuss all things NBA free agency.Join us here  

Goran Dragic is joining the Bulls, agents Bill Duffy and Rade Filipovich of @BDASportsINTL confirm. As first reported below by @Schultz_Report. 

What's next for KD and Kyrie (and thus LeBron) ... plus a long look at the Jazz, West vs. East and much more ... all via the latest This Week In Basketball column freshly dispatched worldwide 

The Jazz say Johnny Juzang is not practicing with Utah's summer league team today as a precautionary measure after a car accident. Juzang will soon be formally signed by the Jazz on a two-way contract after the former UCLA star went undrafted.

Slovenia vs. Sweden today in a @FIBAWC qualifier in Stockholm with a certain basketball-loving family from Dallas in attendance ... 

Bo Cruz … #available 

Mavericks roster note Dallas essentially has one spot left and has weighed leaving it open, league sources say. While Dallas has shown interest in Goran Dragic, it still has a clear need for wing additions and could wait to see if an unexpected option to address that surfaces.

First two days of NBA free agency are in the books …58 new contracts reported so far + nine extensions AND six rookie scale signings … totaling an estimated value north of $2.8 billion.Math from @KeithSmithNBA now properly stated.More NBA from me 

The trades didn't happen on draft night ... but NBA #tradesaplenty are sure unfolding now as promised. And there's definitely more to come with the Nets actively engaged in Kevin Durant trade talks ...More NBA from me  

Big men are back IN ... 

The flip side of the Golden State equation They've lost Gary Payton II, Otto Porter AND Nemanja Bjelica after Bjelica opted for @EuroLeague basketball with Fenerbahce in Turkey. 

The Lakers announce that they've officially signed Scotty Pippen Jr. and Cole Swider to two-way contracts.

Some rival teams were projecting Kevon Looney to return to the Warriors at 3/30 or even 4/40. For Golden State to retain him at $8+ million annually is another win for the reigning champs.More NBA from me 

The Celtics are clearly determined to get back to the NBA Finals AND Brad Stevens continues to impress in his fledging career as an NBA executive as Boston acquires Malcolm Brogdon and closes in on Danilo Gallinari.More NBA from me 

NBA spokesman Mike Bass on Charlotte's Miles Bridges after Bridges' domestic violence arrest Wednesday “We are in the process of gathering more information.”@CNN reports that Bridges' next court date is July 20 

John Wall's expected deal to sign with the Clippers just formally announced. 

Ja Morant quickly confirms his own deal ... 

The After Midnight flurry of extensions promised several hours was right on time Massive deals for Karl-Anthony Towns, Devin Booker, Nikola Jokic and Ja Morant ... all just announced in a row by ESPN. 

As for Jalen Brunson ...sources briefed on Dallas' scheduled NYC meeting today say*Meeting canceled by Brunson's representatives*Dallas told money not be a deciding factor because of Brunson's determination to sign with Knicks*Mavs did not formally present an offer today 

The Mavericks opened free agency at 6 PM ET with the pursuit of JaVale McGee and, according to @ChrisBHaynes, have secured an agreement with McGee ... with enough left of the taxpayers' midlevel left over, league sources say, to sign rookie guard Jaden Hardy to mulityear deal. 

The Nets announce they have completed their expected trade for Royce O'NEALE. 

Roughly 30 deals in the first half-hour#thisleague

Had a feeling Renae was gonna get this one ... 

The Magic retain Mo Bamba, @ChrisBHaynes says, after the Knicks swooped in to sign Isaiah Hartenstein. More NBA from me  

Bradley Beal's agency announces his new five-year, $250+ million deal to re-sign with Washington. 

Malik Monk is signing with Sacramento on a two-year deal approaching $20 million, according to his agent Jeff Schwartz of @excelbasketball

The Grizzlies say Jaren Jackson Jr. will be sidelined four to six months after undergoing surgery to repair a stress fracture in his right foot. 

One source with knowledge of the team's thinking strongly dismissed the idea that Dallas would pursue a trade for Brooklyn's Kyrie Irving in the wake of Kevin Durant's trade demand. More NBA from me  

League sources say that the Mavericks do indeed have interest in signing JaVale McGee, as earlier reported by @Gambo987, but Dallas must commit some of its $6.4 million taxpayers' mid-level exception to signing rookie guard Jaden Hardy to a multi-year deal. 

As covered in two previous pieces, Dallas is not expected to immediately pursue guards after losing Jalen Brunson.With Spencer Dinwiddie in place and Tim Hardaway Jr. due back from injury, Goran Dragic IS a strong eventual target after the Mavs chase wing and front-line depth. 

The most recent estimates for New York's formal offer to Jalen Brunson, league sources say, estimate a four-year deal worth roughly $105 million plus incentives. Exact numbers will be known after July 6 when deals get processed through the league office. 

Dallas has received clear indications, sources say, that Jalen Brunson wants to be a Knick and take their four-year offer worth in excess of $100 million. 

All signs point to Jalen Brunson going to the Knicks after free agency opens tonight at 6 PM ET, league sources say. 

Update League sources tell me that the Mavericks' scheduled meeting tonight with Jalen Brunson is OFF.More NBA from me 

Agreed. Portland's Damian Lillard has to be on the After Midnight List for fast extensions.Bradley Beal, as an unrestricted free agent, can commit to a widely expected five-year deal worth an estimated $250 million to return to the Wizards between 6 PM and midnight tonight. 

Extensions for Jokic, Booker, Towns, Morant, etc., must wait six hours until AFTER 1201 AM on July 1 when the new league year officially starts ... only free agents can verbally agree to new deals between 6 PM and midnight tonight as my pal @KeithSmithNBA helpfully reminds. 

Denver's Nikola Jokic, Phoenix's Devin Booker, Minnesota's Karl-Anthony Towns and Memphis' Ja Morant are all expected to verbally seal mammoth contract extensions soon after 6 PM ET tonight ... for those tracking notable sidebars to the Kevin Durant Requests A Trade blockbuster.

The Spurs just officially announced their trade sending Dejounte Murray and Jock Landale to Atlanta for Danilo Gallinari, three future first-round picks and a 2025 first-round pick swap.

Bo Cruz just became a free agent. League sources confirm that the Jazz are waiving Juancho Hernangomez, whose $7.3 million contract for next season would have been guaranteed had he remained on the roster beyond today. More NBA from me 

There is a new lead story in NBA free agency ... #thisleague 

Continue to hear in strong terms that James Harden's expected new deal with the Sixers has signaled to numerous rival teams that P.J. Tucker is poised to land with Philadelphia after NBA free agency officially begins tonight at 6 PM ET.More NBA from me 

The NBA week in words (and sounds) so far ...Free Agency Fest with Jake Fischer The Jalen Brunson latest Some more How We Got Here on Brunson My rookie season as a Substacker 

The Mavericks are indeed sending their contingent to New York today for a meeting with Jalen Brunson after 6 PM ET. Team owner Mark Cuban was already in NYC this week on non-NBA business and will be joined by Nico Harrison, Michael Finley and Jason Kidd. 

Setting Expectations For James Wiseman  via @acast

Imagine that... 

We all want a do-over now and again. (Two-second contemplative pause is *chef’s kiss.*} 

Glad that we agree on the first part. (Steph was born in Akron.) Not sure about the second, but your Steph fandom is duly noted. 

Why Rudy Gobert Got Traded, Why KD Hasn't  via @acast

Boom or bust? Assessing James Wiseman's Warriors return in Summer League 

Great work, Meg 

First Impressions of Chet Holmgren as a Pro  via @acast

Yessir. 

Where is Kevin Durant headed? What NBA executives are saying 

A little fireside summer reading. Highly recommend. 

Been there…Done that 

Chet Holmgren flashes potential, shows flaws in Summer League 

An apostrophe indicates something missing. Just sayin’ 

Stockton &amp; Malone, as you’ve never seen them before…or likely ever 

Why Kevin Durant Wants Out -- and when he decided that's what he wanted  via @acast

What did he sacrifice? Touches? Usage rate was highest in last 7 seasons. Shots? Highest FGA avg in last 13 seasons. Maybe you meant he sacrificed rebounds and assists — then you’d be right. Fewest dimes in a season ever. Lowest rebounding average since ‘15-16. 

My wife, looking over my shoulder at this clip "Oh no." 

She must be a Lakers' fan as well with all that purple (not to mention the intense but slightly deranged look) 

Had the honor of sharing a Green Room with this man a few years back. No artist is more synonymous with the Bay Area — and you couldn’t ask for a better one. 

Why I love Banchero going No. 1 and don't love Jaden Ivey/Bennedict Mathurin calling out LeBron  via @acast

Appreciate you looking out 

What's next for Warriors' core, Kyrie Irving, Deandre Ayton and others 

Written at the start of the 2019-20 season. Went on to post the worst record in the league. Prophetic, I’d say. (Three years later, they are the Warriors again. First time a team has made that kind of turnaround. Congrats to them for making history.) 

No one is happier to see Klay back playing than me, but don’t insult Andrew Wiggins by suggesting Klay was the key in these playoffs after Steph. Klay came back and they became a .500 team in the regular season. He was nothing close to his former self in the playoffs. Keep up. 

Still true. There’s a difference between “led” and “carried.” He carried them last year. 

Thank you, @Money23Green and @JaMorant — GSW-Grizz games next season now at the top of the must-see list…

Nah. Completely out of context.That’s from last year. Ws’ fans thought they were winning a title last year. They were delusional. Keep up. 

Steph Curry Overrated, Under-appreciated or ?  via @acast

GSW defies NBA history with this title. Teams don’t go to five consecutive Finals, fall off the cliff for two years and then return to championship form. Easily the most incredible team accomplishment I’ve witnessed.

Steph Curry, 4x champion, 2x MVP, Finals MVP. All-time 3pt scorer. Reads like an all-time great resumé to me.

Celtics have to play with pace *and* take care of the ball. Slowing down just so they don't turn it over isn't going to get it done. (And despite the solid start, they're clearly feeling the elimination jitters.)

The Boston Celtics' Missing Piece  via @acast

Been there 

Covid (or as I’m now referring to it, Mack Truck) is still out there — I know because I just got hit by it for the first time. I share this only in the hope that anyone letting their guard down thinks twice. This is not fun and we’re in this together, people.

No Easy Answers for Steve Kerr and the Warriors  via @acast

NBA Finals 2022 Are Warriors overconfident entering Game 2? 

The Warriors Need to get Honest with Themselves  via @acast

This is one reason Smart was at the top of my DPOY ballot. There are better 1v1 defenders. Better help defenders. But the Cs having the NBA’s best D depended on someone knowing how they have to play &amp; demanding it. I didn’t see that w/the other eligible competition. 

Jaylen Brown can be great and awful in a 60-second span like nobody else

Dynamic Duo updateTatum/Brown 8-27 24 ptsCurry/Wiggins 18-31 50 ptsSecond chance pts GSW 21, Cs 7

Celtics’ D can be breathtakingly beautiful. Help, recover, rotate, everyone on a string.

Celtics, may I introduce you to Stephen Curry? Wears No. 30 and likes to shoot the 3-ball and makes a fair amount.

I can understand your concern after making Steph both the favorite AND dark horse to win FMVP on today’s show. (For anyone who missed it, puh-lease look it up — Acho was in *rare* form today.) But don’t worry — Steph looking spry, too.  

Andre Iguodala warming up and looking spry 

Preview and Predictions for Game 1 of the NBA Finals  via @acast

Steph Curry’s chance of winning his first Finals MVP award is top of mind for just about everyone. Once upon a time that would’ve included Steph. Not now, says someone who knows him well… 

How superstar Stephen Curry inspired Warriors to 'chase greatness' 

Tell 'em, 'Toine. 

Biggest Takeaways from Celtics-Heat Game 7  via @acast

Yep 

Let's be real -- Jimmy Butler deserved the first ECF MVP award.

Making Sense of the Celtics-Heat Series  via @acast

Game 4 Mavs learned a lesson, troubling trend for the Warriors  via @acast

Had to drag it out of my man, ‘Toine, but we got there… 

Hmmmm 

All true. Wrote that tweet but hadn't intended it to go out until I'd re-watched the incident. Not sure how or why it ended up getting sent, anyway, but thanks for the alert and the catch. 

Messages to Harden and Kyrie Are Far Different  via @acast

Had to be inspired by Tim Hardaway, Jr., wearing a white shirt/sweater, standing on the edge of the court and putting his hand up as if to signal for a pass, which Steph Curry dutifully tried to deliver for a turnover. Wonder what Tim Sr., GSW legend, thought of the tactic. 

Jordan Poole just got emotional talking about seeing Kevon Looney have the game he had tonight. GSW chemistry is truly something special.

Kidd referred to Steph, 34, in the pregame presser as the most well conditioned player in the league. Second. 

Have yourself a game, Kevon Looney (21 &amp; 10 and counting)…

Mavs 15-27 from 3 in first half, 2-13 in 3Q. Same looks. (In case you were wondering where that big lead went.)

Why Suns face tougher road back from playoff loss than Bucks 

Geo, Andra, Eric — class acts, every one. 

Credit or blame Draymond Green for this Pat Bev/CP3/Lillard beef. He vowed to change the media game &amp; he has. We now have *active* players using broadcast partner platforms to go at each other. Going to be increasingly harder for players to shadow dance w/what’s really going on.

Sure they are. But less so for a defending champion. The attempt to hang the Bucks' elimination on KM's absence is baffling. You're saying they couldn't win a series w/out their 2nd-best player (I'd say 3rd), even though they did w/out their *best* player last year. 

Bucks and Suns Why They Fell, Where They Go From Here  via @acast

OK, let's say they didn't *consistently* play like champs. The Cs didn't have Marcus Smart for a game &amp; RWilliams for 4. As great as KM can be, he's not exactly Mr. Consistent. All of which is why saying the Bucks lost because they didn't have KM isn't obvious. It's dumb. 

It's not obvious, it's overly simplistic. They didn't have Middleton the entire series &amp; were up twice, 2-1 &amp;  3-2. If they weren't good enough to win the series w/out KM, none of that happens. They didn't play like defending champs. Too many self-inflicted wounds. 

…and he couldn’t care less. 

The comeback within the comeback Marcus Smart.

Note to self proven champions don’t always have an edge handling pressure. Every bad tendency the Bucks have reared its head as a result of the vise grip the Celtics put on them.

I met Bob Lanier when he mopped up a toxic ‘94-95 season as the GSW interim HC. In a pre-game convo with me &amp; one other reporter (those were the days), he teared up over his young squad not appreciating the privilege of being in the NBA. That was The Dobber. RIP, gentle giant.

What Happened to the NBA's Anti-Flopping Crusade?  via @acast

I have to think this was the tweet that closed the deal bringing @TomBrady to @NFLonFOX. (Sure, the $375 milly helped…) 

Andre Iguodala promised himself he’d take time to enjoy his second ride with the Warriors. He just never expected it to be this bumpy… 

Draymond &amp; Dillon Cut from the Same Cloth  via @acast

Only if the emphasis is on “kinda.” 

OK. I’m now officially mad at Bill Belichick for depriving us of this Tom Brady for two damn decades. 

Doc Rivers The Ultimate Survivor  via @acast

How Warriors' Jordan Poole became key complement to Splash Brothers 

Doc Rivers has so much pressure that he is 'revising history' in Game 6 ...  via @YouTube

9, 15, 16. With 14 ready if someone breaks a leg. 

Let’s keep going…DET didn’t have Rasheed Wallace yet &amp; Ben Wallace had a bad ankle. Doc had the only all-NBA 1st teamer in the series, Prime TMac. ORL was the 8th seed because Doc sat TMac the last game to lose to No. 7 MIL, thereby avoiding a loaded Nets’ squad. ORL wanted DET. 

You were (not) saying? 

MJ-Pippen vs. LeBron-Wade vs. KD-Kyrie  via @acast

Just making sure the check clears before we have any title transfers, BH. Don’t want to see any old folk getting swindled. 

You can tell me Devin Booker is the Suns’ best shooter. You can’t tell me he’s their best player. Or MVP. #CP3

For a player as fundamentally sound as the Joker, I’m at a loss as to why he hasn’t dropped his hips to widen his base on post ups. Naturally lowers his dribble &amp; creates space, all of which prevents getting picked. No way Draymond should reach the ball without fouling him.

In all my years covering the NBA, I can’t recall two players who got more out of young teammates than Steph and Draymond. Somehow they’re paying it forward and drawing dividends at the same time. #leadershippersonified

Kevin Durant speaks on Celtics fans hostility towards Nets' Kyrie Irving...  via @YouTube

Preciate ya 

One Last Look at You Know Who and the Scoring Title Race  via @acast

Jayson Tatum, Celtics defeat Nets, Kyrie beefs with Boston fans, 76ers d...  via @YouTube

The Memphis Grizzlies are in Uncharted Territory  via @acast

Coaching the Lakers Requires a Unique Set of Skills 

The Russell Westbrook Destination That Makes Sense  via @acast

The Difference Between Joel and Giannis  via @acast

NBA playoffs Scouts favor Bucks, Sixers over Heat, Celtics in East 

Yes, they should. The alternative is worse. 

(And I am extremely fortunate to call this young man my son.) 

First time in studio in two years (thanks to the pandemic). So nice to be able to tell Emmy he’s crazy in person. 

Takeaways from last week's KD-Giannis Battle  via @acast

Ja Morant and the NBA MVP Race -- does he deserve to be on the ballot?  via @acast

Sometimes you just have to sit back and appreciate two great players pushing each other to bring their best. Shades of Magic-Bird. KD, Giannis -- thank you for the show. #Ilovethisgame

Latest Overblown Outrage All-NBA Selection Process  via @acast

I’ve watched the first 3 episodes. Most entertaining part has been comparing what I know of the characters w/how they’re being portrayed. A few scenes/characters have been sensationalized but not as much as you might think. Wilding out was not a phrase yet but boy does it fit… 

NBA coverage is no different. Milwaukee Bucks have similar composition and have been just as remaindered since winning their title. 

Good work. Appreciate the grind. And the unreserved glee in dropping each little gem. 

What Prompted the Miami Heat Squabble and What It Means  via @acast

I see, upon further review, you switched up from saying the corner 3. Smart; it's a trick question. On that court, you'd have to shoot the corner 3 balancing on your toes like a ballerina. Top of the key is a HS 3 straight on. Better odds. Venture caps hit, what, 1 out of 10? 

Is LeBron James Still a Top 10 Player?  via @acast

Paolo Banchero is as good on the podium as he is on the court, and man, did he have the eye of the tiger tonight. Look forward to seeing him at the next level.

Derek Fisher 

Paralysis By Analysis (over-thinking why Steph Curry got injured)  via @acast

Good one, Emmy. Taking a day off from the show has clearly sharpened your wit. (Thanks for letting me sit in your chair.) 

Your avatar could not be more appropriate then. 

